All my work in Quantum Computing from these past months is in this repository.
Here are all the Jupyter Notebooks I made to present my work to my colleagues or students from Ensimag.
There is a Tutorial which has been included in the documentation of Qiskit (about custom feature maps),<br/>
a presentation of the Grover Algorithm,<br/>
a presentation of a simple way to produce random numbers using a Quantum Computer,<br/>
a presentation of a SVM using a quantum Kernel,<br/>
a presentation of Shor's algorithm and an introduction to Quantum Computing for the Ensimag.<br/>

In the directory TESTQ are all the implementations of different algorithms I did,
plus some probabilistic work on 3SAT made by my colleague, Mathieu Tillet @mtillet. 
Implementations include: a lot of QOL function and subroutines in src/General.py,<br/>
implementation of the quantum SVM algorithm (with Variational Circuit or not, in src/svm/py),<br/>
implementation of the qGAN (a GAN made to help load distributions in a Quantum Computer, in src/gan_charging_back.py),<br/>
implementation of Shor's Algorithm (a General Algorithm which works for every number, provided we have a strong enough Quantum Computer),<br/>
implementation of the Quantum Wavelet Transform (as an new QFT, usable for Qiksit),<br/>
implementation of a good nCNOT (could be better than the one in Qiskit, according to @mtillet in May 2019, but it may have changed now) and <br/>
implementations of some toy algorithms (Bernstein Vazirani, Deutsch Jozsa)

A lot of tests are located in python/tests.py<br/>

Details for each file below.<br/>

Custom_feature_map_correction_jrg_comments.ipynb -> Tutorial on how to use custom maps for quantum kernels.<br/>
Grover_n.ipynb -> Informations about Grover with n qubits.<br/>
QRandom.ipynb -> Tutorial on simple RNG with a quantum computer.<br/>
SVM.ipynb -> Tutorial on SVM with quantum kernel.<br/>
Shor.ipynb -> Simple work on Shor's algorithm. It's a general algorithm, so it can be interesting.<br/>
votez_list789.ipynb -> Presentation for French students of ENSIMAG. The title is a pun made for the students.<br/>
all the .py at root are for presentation only.

In TESTQ, src is intended to be source files and python only test files, but some source is in python too.<br/>
In python/ <br/>
data/ contains raw data used/generated by the algorithms, such as the quantum dataset.<br/>
old_broken/ contains old code that never got repaired after updates.<br/>
Bernstein_Vazirani.py -> implementation and tests for the Bernstein-Vazirani algorithm.<br/>
Deutsh_Josza.py -> implementation and tests for the Deutsh-Josza algorithm.<br/>
Shor.py -> implementation and tests for the Shor algorithm.<br/>
Study.py -> linear algebra tests to confirm results. Mostly usless now.<br/>
custom_data_map.py -> a file containing the definition of a data map used for tests.<br/>
grover_n.py -> implementation and tests for the Grover algorithm.<br/>
test_custom.py -> tests for usage of custom kernels for SVM. Redundant with the one in root.<br/>
test_qasm.py -> tests for the qasm generator. Mostly usless.<br/>
tests.py -> The main test file. A lot of functions are tested here.<br/>

In src/ <br/>
General.py -> The main function container. A lot of subroutines for circuit generation are defined here.<br/>
custom_map.py -> The definition of the function to generate the circuit for custom SVM Quantum Kernels.<br/>
gan_charging_back.py -> Contains functions for QGAN.<br/>
qsvm_datasets.py -> utilities for dataset generation.<br/>
success_estimator.py -> Not made by me. Used for SAT study.<br/>
svm.py -> Contains functions for Kernel SVM and Variationnal learning.<br/>
test_github.py -> Simple script to make semi-automated request to a github.<br/>
utils.py -> Not made by me. Used for SAT study.<br/>
wavelets.py -> Written to be used as a QFT in Qiskit. Wavelet transform.<br/>
wavelets_inverse.py -> Written to be used as a QFT in Qiskit. Wavelet inverse transform.<br/>
wavelets_utils.py -> Utilities for wavelet transform.

